OPG-472: Documentation for nodeFilter label and value formatting (#941)
OpenNMS/grafana-plugin: docs/modules/datasources/pages/performance_datasource.adoc

If omitted, all nodes are returned.
|===

> In addition, `labelFormat` and `valueFormat` attributes can be specified.
> Please refer to the <<datasources:entity_datasource.adoc#ds-nodefilter-label-value-formats, Entity Datasource documentation>> for more information.
> If not specified, the default for `labelFormat` is `label` and the default for `value` is `fs:fid` if available, otherwise the Node `id.`
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`labelFormat` and `valueFormat` attributes can be specified.
Please refer to the <<datasources:entity_datasource.adoc#ds-nodefilter-label-value-formats, Entity Datasource documentation>> for more information on these options.
By default, Performance Datasource variables default the `labelFormat` to `label` and the `value` to `fs:fid` if the node is part of a requisition, otherwise the `value` will be the node `id.`

```
